Sister, do you still remember 18 years ago?
Miss Yan is a little princess
I still have three moles on my arm
Your Tianjin is very healthy.
When the good boy comes down
The nurse said the child is healthy
Why did you suddenly have epilepsy after a night?
It's not cured now
Maybe I didn't notice it when the baby was born.
How do you explain the three red moles on your arm?
Why did it suddenly disappear after a night?
I have already asked the nurse about this.
They said the nurse might have been confused
It's not actually red paper
It's the blood of my birth
Our family is a martial arts family
Although I have not practiced martial arts
But I have some martial arts talent in me
Not to mention you
You are fighting in Dragon City
King, look at scum
His qualifications are not even as good as ordinary students
How do you explain that?
Zhiyuan, what do you mean?
I suspect scum is not your biological daughter
Zhiyuan, you think too much.
How is that possible?
Technology is so advanced now
You and scum take a paternity test
Understand everything
Never mind.
Zhiyuan, I think so
You still think too much.
Scum, he must be my daughter
Even if he is not qualified
I'll just teach him more. You're his uncle
Don't bring this up again
Hey, Jiangnan, you finally woke up.
Hey, why wait for me, you will go to Superman?
I'll learn from you.
You haven't seen me in Jiangnan for so many years next door.
I don't know.
I didn't teach superhuman rights
In the entire Dragon City, only you can choose human rights
He is a newcomer
It's not what you teach, who else doesn't
Scum I really don't know
Maybe it's the texture
Yes
He has talent
You like him, don't you? I have no talent at all
I still have a father
I don't deserve to be your daughter
He's just better than me.
Is he ready?